The case and let's create the bookings table which is the whole point of this system or booking system
database send the bookings table we have a booking ID which is and our primary key and then alter increments
and then we have two other columns where the screening ID which is an end and it's a foreign key to
our ID column in the screenings table and we have a customer id field which is also an int and this
is a foreign key to the ID field in the Customers table.
So you can see from the second picture here that the screening table and the bookings table will have
a one to many relationship.
So one screening can have many bookings but a booking can only be associated with one screening and
then the Customers table and the bookings table have a one to many relationship.
So one customer can make many bookings but any particular booking can only be associated with one customer
case another open my go work bench and create the bookings table.
OK so we need to create table bookings we need to open up have brackets and I'm with the semi-colon
and then within the brackets we need to tie pool columns.
So the first column was an ID column which was then and it was our primary key and it was auto incrementing.
And then the next column was all screening ID which is going to be a foreign key.
So screening ID which is an end and it has husband not no constraint and then the next caller was our
customer ID.
So this is also a foreign key.
So customer ID and not know and then end it with a comma and then on the next line we want to start
defining all foreign keys.
So we need to type foreign key and then the first one is screening ID screening ID.
And this is referencing
the screenings table.
So screenings and is referencing the ID column within the screenings tables of any type ID in brackets
and then on the next line we need to define our second foreign key which is for all customer ID.
So you need to type foreign key on a pair of brackets and type customer id them we need to type references
and were referencing the customers table and were referencing the ID field again and then thats it.
We need to run this statement.
We need to tie show tables and run as well and you can see now at the top here we have our bookings
table.
So we now have six tables in our database.
So we're almost there.
And then we can type describe bookings just to see that all the data was correct.
And you can see we have our free fields ID screening ID customer ID data types where they're not no
no.
We have our primary key which is the ID field and we have two foreign keys.
None of them have a default value an ID field is set to be Autor incrementing.
OK so that's it for the bookings table.
Let's move on to our final table in our system our booking system database.